Name: Tom
Age/Maturity Level: Youthful; Neither childish nor fully matured

Light brings not only vision, but also warmth, energy, and growth. With the largest source of light gone, life on Tom's planet nearly evaporated. Some lifeforms managed to adapt to the lack of light, and thrive instead upon sound energy. These lifeforms feed on the sounds made by other lifeforms and the environment, absorbing it through the mask that covers their face. Tom also wears one of these masks. His eyes are weak due to the lack of light, so he relies heavily on echolocation to maneuver his way through the environment. Since the climate is significantly colder due to lack of sunlight, Tom also wears a full-body suit with boots and gloves. 

Tom doesn't usually leave his home. His parents left to find more people, and haven't returned for a while, so his friend Aria keeps him company. Besides Aria, Tom doesn't talk to anyone else. Instead, he fills audio files with the highlights of his day, usually descriptions of his musings or what Aria brings him from the outside world.

Fragments of his Audio Diary are written below:

Tom's Audio Memory File #1
My parents left to find other people today. They think it would be better if I could talk to people more regularly. Dad gave me this device to record things while they're gone. I guess I can speak to it whenever I get lonely.

Tom's Audio Memory File #5
A girl came by today. I think it is funny that she arrived after my parents left. Won't they be surprised to find out that I talked to someone while they were out.

Tom's Audio Memory File #11
That girl came by again today. She brought me a flower she found outside. It feels dry. I think she got it from really far away.

Tom's Audio Memory File #12
I can hear the girl from far away. She likes to sing a lot. Always the same song. It's rather soothing. I don't think she ever told me her name. Next time I see her, I'm going to ask.

Tom's Audio Memory File #15
I have never known light. What it feels like. That never existed for me. My grandparents told stories of the life it once brought to the inhabitants of this world, the energy that flowed when this planet was more popluated. I have never known light and I have never known darkness. But I have heard that darkness is the absence of light, so surely I must be surrounded by it. How can I not feel something that surrounds me constantly?

Tom's Audio Memory File #17
Her name is Aria. That seems fitting [hahaha] because she sings a lot.

Tom's Audio Memory File #21
Aria told me darkness must be a lot like silence. Silence. A lack of sound; the sound of death. Aria doesn't like silence. I don't think I do either. She also told me that everything has a song. That if I listen close enough, I can detect the presence of just about anything. I wonder if light has a song too...

Tom's Audio Memory File #22
It's my birthday today. Aria gave me a Ping-o-matic V8. I don't know how she found it. She said I can use it to surround myself with sound waves to keep the silence away. I think she's being silly. I don't feel silence when she's around.

Tom's Audio Memory File #31
Aria said she was going to go explore the other areas for a while. I hope she won't be gone for too long. It's nice having someone to talk to. I wonder if my parents will return from their trip soon. I don't remember when I heard them last.

Tom's Audio Memory File #42
There aren't very many sounds these days. Maybe I haven't been listening hard enough. Or maybe the sounds have moved away. Maybe I should go find them and bring them back. I think Aria would like that. It's been a while since I've heard her song. I should have recorded her singing before she left. Maybe if I bring the other sounds back, she'll sing her song for me again.

Tom's Audio Memory File #45
I decided I'm going to go look for the sound of light. I should be fine as long as I have Aria's Ping-o-matic V8 with me.

Tom's Audio Memory File #62
Sometimes I think I can hear Aria singing in the distance. I wonder if maybe she's looking for the sound of light too. Maybe we can look for it together.